---
layout: post
title:  "Sprint #1"
date:   2020-08-14 13:36:11 +1200
---
The first few weeks of the semester is about meeting our clients and researching the tools they are thinking of incorporating for they're website.

On the 30th of July, we met the 2 groups of girls that each have a project that they wanted to do. Me and Erica chose the Yr13 group where they were working on a Food Bank website. They explained their project and we exchanged emails so they could send us the code that they have so far.

We looked over their code - took notes on what they could improve on as well as created a list of questions that we could ask them for the next meeting.

They have not used Github before therefore we emailed them to ask them to create their own Github accounts. Erica had already created a repository for the project. Once we added them to the repository, we asked them to push their code on Github - sent them some resource links to follow.

On the 10th of August, we had our official meeting where we actually talked about the requirements they wanted for their website. But first we taught them the basic commands to pull and push their code into Github - we made sure to make them aware of the merge confilcts that could happen if they don't use the commands when needed. We went through the questions that we had (shown in the image below) so that we could further understand what they want as our clients. We also talked about our communication channel that we will be using for easier contacting as well as video calls / screen sharing incase we had to go into lockdown again. We decided on Teams.